---
page_title: "Quay Provider"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
    Terraform provider for the [Quay Project](https://github.com/quay/quay).
---

# Quay Provider
The Quay provider provides resources and data sources for managing Quay organizations and repositories.

## Authentication
An authentication token can be generated in the Quay application settings page. The Quay documentation refers to it as
an `OAuth 2 Access Token`. Since there is no mechanism in Quay for creating applications outside of an organization, it
is recommended to create a separate organization and application for Terraform. Be sure to create the
`OAuth 2 Access Token` using a service account since the token will be tied to that account.

An alternative method of authentication is to use JWT OAuth2 access tokens that are generated by an external Identity
Provider (Quay must be configured to trust this Identity Provider). Only password grant is supported at this time.
Specify the `oauth2_*` set of variables to enable this feature.

## Example Usage

```terraform
provider "quay" {
  url = "https://quay.example.com"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Optional

- `oauth2_client_id` (String) OAuth2 client ID. Used for generating a JWT OAuth2 access token with password grant. May also be provided via the QUAY_OAUTH2_CLIENT_ID environment variable.
- `oauth2_password` (String, Sensitive) OAuth2 password. Used for generating a JWT OAuth2 access token with password grant. May also be provided via the QUAY_OAUTH2_PASSWORD environment variable.
- `oauth2_token_url` (String) OAuth2 token endpoint URL. Used for generating a JWT OAuth2 access token with password grant. May also be provided via the QUAY_OAUTH2_TOKEN_URL environment variable.
- `oauth2_username` (String) OAuth2 username. Used for generating a JWT OAuth2 access token with password grant. May also be provided via the QUAY_OAUTH2_USERNAME environment variable.
- `token` (String, Sensitive) Quay token. May also be provided via the QUAY_TOKEN environment variable.
- `url` (String) Quay URL. May also be provided via the QUAY_URL environment variable. Example: https://quay.example.com

